# circuits

This directory contains circom circuits.

Below we briefly explain what each circom template does.

One note on naming: AES and Rijndael can mean the same thing depending on who
you ask. We use them in the same way as the
[tlslite](https://github.com/tlsfuzzer/tlslite-ng) implementation.


#### aes circuits
- `zkoracle.circom`: This is our main circuit, at the time of writing it just performs authenticated AES decryption. It was generated by [a script](../scripts/generate_main.py).
- `aes.circom`: This circuit performs authenticated AES decryption.
- `aes_aead_verification.circom`: These circuits verify an AES tag.
- `rijndael_int_consts.circom`: These functions define constants for the Rijndael/AES algorithm.
- `rijndael_int_s_consts.circom`: These functions define constants for the Rijndael/AES algorithm.
- `store_transformT_xor`: Intermediary circuit which stores input values, selects from T tables and XORs the result.
- `store_transformU_xor`: Intermediary circuit which stores input values, selects from T tables and XORs the result.
- `select_aes.circom`: Circuits to select from AES tables
- `select_generated.circom`: Circuits to select from AES tables. It was generated by a [generate_circuits script](../scripts/generate_circuits.py).
- `rijndael.circom`: A lot of core AES/Rijndael logic

#### low level operations
- `split_values.circom`: These functions split an array of values halfway into two arrays
- `byteMultiAND.circom`: These circuits performs an AND operation over the bit representation of two 8-bit numbers.
- `byte_xor.circom`: This circuit converts input bytes to bits, and XORS sequentially: byte_1 XOR ... XOR byte_n
- `byte_xor_parallel.circom`: This circuit converts two arrays of input bytes to bits, and XORS in parallel: bits_a XOR bits_b
- `xor_n.circom`: This circuit XORS two arrays of input bits: bits_a XOR bits_b
- `store.circom`: These circuits take a value and split it into smaller chunks, e.g. to bits.
- `load.circom`: These circuits take some value chunks (e.g. bits) and merge them to a single value

